hello everyone with you rock and today I tell you
show how to quickly do or two Lubek
any animal on the example of a horse for
beginning we will add any block in this
case it will be the earth after all attach
horse to her then drown the ground under
card
choose a horse and raise this one
to the surface
then we move this land
where we need well, let's say not 50 to 50
om frame I will move it here after
what you need to do the movement of the legs of the head and
horse's tail for this we choose legs
and the original position I'm his chair
like movement
this will be the very first position
in this case it will be 5 millisecond
we change the position of the horse's legs
here we have a step but a horse
rides a little so you need to move
keys
here depending on the number of frames and
on how far the horse needs to go
pick up
10 too many
fine
after which you need to do in between
agile and lords who go forward
thought a new bend also do with
opposite to her
Here we have so far
step after which you need to do so
the horse rose a little for that
already choose the horse itself and in the same
I slightly raise it for
more for more walking effect also
we have to make the tail and head
since it's not very fast there head
will move up and down not very
strongly put the key to the final step
and in the interval we cant
head and it turns out like this
if a horse should do this in principle
and left tail tail we will move
no intermediate key
and with the initial key that is step by step
feet moving and
in the original position we put let's say
here are the keys ending step
move the tail here
but
need to do another step then another
by foot
now after we did it we
we can safely copy the horse’s walking
there is just select all the keys that have
we have and copy
so let's say and we get here
Such is walking and that is we simply to
end for copying movement
everything is exactly to the tenth frame of the tape a little
a little further away
let's say this
and here comes the animation of the horse like this
you can quickly and easily make animation
any animal with you was rock all
until